# innovative_attendance_system
 ABOUT THE PROJECT Now, talking about the features of the RFID based attendance system using NodeMCU. The home page displays the admin login page. Unless You login to the system, you won’t be able to browse other available options. Hence the system is secured. Basically, the design of the RFID attendance system project is pretty simple. Hence the user won’t find any difficulties while enrolling his/her attendance. The user needs to swipe his/her card or a keychain to maintain attendance that includes the entry time as well. The major functions provided to admin are mentioned below: Admin Panel Login System • Admin Login/Logout System • Forgot Password for admin • Edit and Update admin profile • Reset Admin Account Password View and Manage Users • View users • Add New User • Edit and update the existing users • Remove Users  Page | 12  User Management System From the admin panel, the admin can enroll new users, update and remove users from the user management system. Further, the admin can view all the attendance records. Enroll New Users/Update/Remove  Manage Device Device Management System • Add new device • Update existing device • Delete device • Update New token to the device • Change the device mode (Enrollment mode: to register new users to the system, Attendance Mode: To record attendance of registered users)  Add New RFID Scanner Device Actually, from the devices section admin can add a new device, update the device, and remove the device. To add a new device, you need to enter a device name and its department. Furthermore, you can also update the device token from the device UID Section. View Users log on RFID Based Attendance System From the user log menu, you can navigate to all the user’s logs data. You can view their arrival and Leaving time as well. Furthermore, It has more functions to filter your logs by user, date, arrival time, leaving time, and filter by different departments, etc. Hence, you can also export those data to excel. Filter Users Log to export
[IAS - FULL DOCUMENTATION _PRADEEP VISHWAKARMA.pdf](https://github.com/CODERPRADEEPVISHWAKARMA/innovative_attendance_system/files/9499946/IAS.-.FULL.DOCUMENTATION._PRADEEP.VISHWAKARMA.pdf)
